
---
title: '[07.11] 전화영어 딕테이션'
permlink: 07-11
catalog: true
toc_nav_num: true
toc: true
position: 9999
date: 2020-07-11 03:28:21
categories:
- english
tags:
- english
- kr-english
- dictation
thumbnail: 'https://cdn.steemitimages.com/DQmNUYttPwL2nEhCGRXSxp3WnEt4W63d9jwYKXLHiPGinPM/image.png'
sidebar:
    right:
        sticky: true
widgets:
    -
        type: toc
        position: right
---


딕테이션..

꾸준히하기 어렵네요.
스팀에다가 글을 올리면서 해봐야지..

opic questions

What do you and your family do to protect the environment?
How do you think our life is easier nowadays than it was in the past?
What technological device would you not like live without?


이게 ih questions이라니..
한국말로도 대답을 잘 못할것을 질문하네요.
평소에 이런걸 생각안하니까요.

선생님이 생각안나도 아무거라도 말해야된다고 ㅋㅋㅋ


---

딕테이션 전문

Hello hello dear Jacob
Good evening to you
oh. Your voice is so {}
Where are you right now?
You are on the bus now. Where are you going?
You are on way {} home. But it’s so late.

Why didn't you wait for my call at the cafe?
It was wrong choose. No problem. But, is it ok for you to {} inside the bus.

opic. Repromise{} travel for this week {} study we are study topic. ok. Now let’s study. Are you ready? Now if you are ready, that’s one.

What do you and your family do to protect the environment? 
Protect the environment. 
What do you and your family do to protect the environment? 
This is example {} general question still. Jacob.
protect. protect. P r o tect.
protect.

protect. There {} enemy. You have to protect me. Protect is to make sure that someone or something is not harm. Is not injury. Is not damaged. Is not destroyed. So you have to protect it.
ok. Again the question is what do you and your family do to protect the environment.

Ah  I see. ok. I think you misunderstood the question please check your mp3 file later. Let change that question. The question is my dear
How do you think our life is easier nowadays than it was in the past?
How do you think our life is easier nowadays than it was in the past?

ok. Jacob. Remember This is not agree or disagree question.
You have to explain how. Explain how it's just how. So you can say

Life is easier nowadays. Because we have a technology to use compare to the past where in we don’t like that.
Don’t forget this is opic this is opic test. You have to explain your answer in detail. To show that, ok. Another question.
How about this one?

What technological device what devices would you not like {} without why? What technological device would you not like to live without? Why?

What technological device what devices would you not like {} without why? 

Jacob this all examples are ih level questions
yes. All of the questions I have is this all examples general ih questions.
You have to prepare. Right ok.

You will test in this weekend. You have to be really prepared for it. Again
What technological device would you not like live without?
What technological device would you not like live without?
yes. You don’t want to continue living without this technology 
Very good. remember in the opic test, you cannot a kind of repeat. You cannot do that. Right. Please listen and understand. alright.
That’s what it means. So answer please.

Oh no this all examples {} ih questions. I got this from the students who took a test. Oh no. you have to be prepared my dear. Think of anything. 
{} set that. 50% all about yourself. Two or four questions is like this. So, she said oh I was so shocked. teacher 

yes. They have to check How well  you can answer.
Unfortunately Jacob. My dear. Time is over now.
Please keep practicing at home.
Take care bye-bye.



- - -

This page is synchronized from the post: ['[07.11] 전화영어 딕테이션'](https://steemit.com/@jacobyu/07-11)
